[tutorial] consistent voice (#4700)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/tutorial/1-setup/index.mdx

## Checklist

<Checklist>

> - [ ] I'm ready to get set up for building an Astro project!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I'm ready to prepare a deployment environment for an Astro project!
```

> - [ ] I'm ready to prepare a deployment environment for an Astro project!

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] I'm ready to prepare a development environment for an Astro project!
```
Since it's not strictly deployment, and "development and deployment" feels a little long, I think I'll swap this for development.
